Group outcomes (#162)
qgreenland-workshop-2023-researcher/qgreenland-workshop-2023-researcher.github.io: doc/notes/post-workshop-todo.md

* Overall impressions
* Changes we'd want to make
    * Symbology exercise: deliverable in addition to qml files? Screenshot? Discussion post?

>     * More time for exercises, especially on day 1. Maybe fewer topics covered overall?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * More time for exercises, especially on day 1. Maybe allocate more time than 9 hours, or cover fewer topics.
```

    * Should be more clear on file names/structure for git repos. Initially hard to tell which notebooks correspond to each exercise.

>     * Archive workshop materials? E.g., Everything in qgis-data?

Reviewer: Good idea. Too late already I think for our workshop, but hopefully that thought benefits someone else in the future :)

* Overall impressions
* Changes we'd want to make

>     * Symbology exercise: deliverable in addition to qmd files? Screenshot? Discussion post?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Symbology exercise: deliverable in addition to qml files? Screenshot? Discussion post?
```
